The premise is
If our Arrow Q then r
In the question asks what other premise
do we need to apply MP
In order to apply MP the other premise
we
need is the antecedent of our
conditional permit
In this case it's a little
bit confusing because our premise are
are oak you are or
As two conditionals in it
But the main connective in this premise
is that second
arrow that can do it was the main
connective
That's the connective that tells us
about
the overall structure or form of this
In the antecedent of that conditional
then
is its if all of this stuff
is true if if our then
Q is true then ours true
Define modus ponens we need the
antecedent
of our conditional promise which in this
case is just if are they